doc: update known issues with SDC bugs (#4768)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

  You can `download this file <nRF52820 CMakeLists.txt_>`_ from the upstream Zephyr repository.
  After you add it, the file is automatically included by the build system.

>   Bugfixes

Reviewer: This file is for known issues, thus problems users need to know about when using a specific release.
Fixes should go into the changelog for the SoftDevice Controller (or maybe MPSL): https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrfxlib/softdevice_controller/CHANGELOG.html

Author: Hi, this should be ready for re-review.

SoftDevice Controller
=====================

.. rst-class:: v1-6-0 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

DRGN-13594: The channel map provided by the LE Host Set Channel Classification HCI command is not always applied on the secondary advertising channels.
In this case, the extended advertiser can send secondary advertising packets on channels which are disabled by the Host.

> This can result in a scanner that is unable to receive some advertising packets.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, missed this one in the first iteration. 
```suggestion
```
The scanner will likely be able to receive the packets anyways unless there is a lot of radio noise on some channel

Author: Shall I just write "may result" then? To leave it ambiguous?

Reviewer 2: I would suggest to leave it out

SoftDevice Controller
=====================

.. rst-class:: v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

DRGN-15695: Auxiliary advertising channel packets may be sent on a channel that is not in the channel map.
  The implementation in these versions is replaced with proper implementations of Channel Selection Algorithms #1 and #2 in newer |NCS| versions.

.. rst-class:: v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

DRGN-15469: Slave connections can disconnect prematurely if there are scheduling conflicts with other roles.
  This affects all SoftDevices.

> .. rst-class:: v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

Reviewer 2: DRGN-13594 is not fixed for NCS 1.6
```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-6-0 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0
```

DRGN-13594: The channel map provided by the LE Host Set Channel Classification HCI command is not always applied on the secondary advertising channels.
  In this case, the extended advertiser can send secondary advertising packets on channels which are disabled by the Host.
  This can result in a scanner that is unable to receive some advertising packets.

> .. rst-class:: v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

Reviewer 2: Zephyr Write TX Power Level was added in NCS 1.3.0, so it does not affect earlier revisions.
```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0
```

DRGN-15369: Setting radio output power using the vendor-specific HCI command Zephyr Write TX Power Level returns "Unsupported Feature or Parameter value (0x11)".
  The behavior described in ``zephyr/doc/reference/bluetooth/hci.txt`` will be implemented in future |NCS| versions.

.. rst-class:: v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

DRGN-15694: An assert can occur when running an extended advertiser with maximum data length and minimum interval on Coded PHY.
  The assert only occurs if there are scheduling conflicts.

.. rst-class:: v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

> DRGN-15484: A connectable or scannable advertiser may end with sending a packet without listening for the ``CONNECT_IND``, ``AUX_CONNECT_REQ``, and ``SCAN_REQ``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DRGN-15484: A connectable or scannable advertiser may end with sending a packet without listening for the ``CONNECT_IND``, ``AUX_CONNECT_REQ``, ``SCAN_REQ``, or ``AUX_SCAN_REQ``.
```

SoftDevice Controller
=====================

.. rst-class:: v1-6-0

> DRGN-15817: Possible assert when used together with 802.15.4 protocols when running on nRF53 series.

Reviewer 3: @czeslawmakarski: Is this how you want to phrase this?

Reviewer 4: @thomasstenersen I would stress the scanning condition:
`DRGN-15817: Possible assert when used together with 802.15.4 protocols when running on nRF53 series and performing BLE scanning operation.`

  | The default value of :option:`CONFIG_SDC_MAX_CONN_EVENT_LEN_DEFAULT` is 7500 us.
  | The minimum event length supported by :option:`CONFIG_SDC_MAX_CONN_EVENT_LEN_DEFAULT` is 2500 us.

  **Workaround:**
    * Set :c:union:`sdc_cfg_t` with :c:member:`event_length` to at least 2500 us if the application is using 1M PHY.
    * Set :c:union:`sdc_cfg_t` with :c:member:`event_length` to at least 7500 us if the application is using Coded PHY.

.. rst-class:: v1-6-0 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

DRGN-13594: The channel map provided by the LE Host Set Channel Classification HCI command is not always applied on the secondary advertising channels
  In this case, the extended advertiser can send secondary advertising packets on channels which are disabled by the Host.

.. rst-class:: v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

DRGN-15469: Slave connections can disconnect prematurely if there are scheduling conflicts with other roles
  This is more likely to occur during long-running events such as flash operations.

.. rst-class:: v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0

> DRGN-15369: Setting radio output power using the vendor-specific HCI command Zephyr Write TX Power Level returns "Unsupported Feature or Parameter value (0x11)" if the chosen power level is not supported by the used hardware platform

Reviewer 5: This entry does not build correctly. I suggest moving some of the information from this sentence to a new sentence so the entry has a proper second line and the build works.

SoftDevice Controller
=====================

.. rst-class:: v1-6-0

> DRGN-15817: Possible assert when used together with 802.15.4 protocols when running a scanner on nRF53 series

Reviewer 3: I suggest to re-write:

DRGN-15817: Assertion during scanning in 802.15.4 multiprotocol configuration on nRF53 series

An assertion can may occur during scanning when the SoftDevice Controller is used in a 802.15.4 multiprotocol configuration.

@wiba-nordic ?

    * Set :c:union:`sdc_cfg_t` with :c:member:`event_length` to at least 7500 us if the application is using Coded PHY.

.. rst-class:: v1-6-0 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

DRGN-13594: The channel map provided by the LE Host Set Channel Classification HCI command is not always applied on the secondary advertising channels
  In this case, the extended advertiser can send secondary advertising packets on channels which are disabled by the Host.

.. rst-class:: v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

DRGN-15338: Extended scanner may generate reports containing truncated data from chained advertising PDUs
  The scanner reports partial data from advertising PDUs when there is not enough storage space for the full report.

.. rst-class:: v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

DRGN-15469: Slave connections can disconnect prematurely if there are scheduling conflicts with other roles
  This is more likely to occur during long-running events such as flash operations.

.. rst-class:: v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0

> DRGN-15369: Radio output power can not be set using the vendor-specific HCI command Zephyr Write TX Power Level for all power levels

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
DRGN-15369: Radio output power cannot be set using the vendor-specific HCI command Zephyr Write TX Power Level for all power levels
```

.. rst-class:: v1-6-0 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

DRGN-15338: Extended scanner may generate reports containing truncated data from chained advertising PDUs
  The scanner reports partial data from advertising PDUs when there is not enough storage space for the full report.

> .. rst-class:: v1-6-0 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

Reviewer 3: This does not apply to v1-6-0.

Reviewer 3: This applies to the text above for DRGN-15338. Was fixed in https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib/commit/76469a054694708a5f79b5e0eefa52a7b3a8ff9a

  **Workaround:** Upgrade to v1.5.1 or use the master branch.

.. rst-class:: v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

DRGN-13029: The application will not immediately restart a connectable advertiser after a high duty cycle advertiser times out

  ** Workaround ** Wait some time before restarting the advertiser.

.. rst-class:: v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

DRGN-14008: The advertising data is cleared every time the advertising set is configured.
  This causes the "HCI LE Set Extended Advertising Parameters" command to accept data which cannot be fit within the advertising interval instead of returning "Packet Too Long (0x45)".

.. rst-class:: v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

> DRGN-15291: The generation of QoS Connection event is not disabled after an HCI reset.

Author: Made it plural as I believe it was multiple events that could be generated

  **Workaround:** Upgrade to v1.5.1 or use the master branch.

.. rst-class:: v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

> DRGN-13029: The application will not immediately restart a connectable advertiser after a high duty cycle advertiser times out.

Reviewer 2: This bug is already mentioned below as "Wait time required after a directed high duty cycle advertiser times out"
Can you update that entry instead?

  In some cases the host may restart advertising sooner than the SoftDevice Controller is able to free its connection context.

  **Workaround** Wait some time before restarting the advertiser.

.. rst-class:: v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

> DRGN-14008: The advertising data is cleared every time the advertising set is configured.
>   This causes the "HCI LE Set Extended Advertising Parameters" command to accept data which cannot be fit within the advertising interval instead of returning "Packet Too Long (0x45)".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DRGN-14008: The advertising data is cleared every time the advertising set is configured.
  This causes the "HCI LE Set Extended Advertising Parameters" command to accept data which cannot be fit within the advertising interval instead of returning "Packet Too Long (0x45)".
  This would only occur if the advertising set is configured to use maximum data length on LE Coded PHY with an advertising interval less than 30 milliseconds.
```

DRGN-10367: Advertiser times out earlier than expected
  If an extended advertiser is configured with limited duration, it will time out after the first primary channel packet in the last advertising event.

.. rst-class:: v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

> DRGN-11222: Master role can cause disconnects if there are scheduling conflicts while doing a control procedure with an instant.
>   This bug will be triggered if all the following conditions are true:
> 
>   * When a procedure instant is active (control PDUs have been exchanged but the instant is not reached yet)
>   * The link manager of master gets blocked
>   * The link manager detects that more than one of its events were blocked

Reviewer 2: I would suggest out to leave out the details here as it is not possible for the reader of the document to understand these conditions.
```suggestion
DRGN-11222: Master connections can in rare cases disconnect prematurely if there are scheduling conflicts while doing a control procedure with an instant.
```

.. rst-class:: v1-1-0 v1-0-0

> DRGN: A control packet may be sent twice even after the packet is ACKed.

Reviewer 2: Corresponding issue number for this entry is DRGN-13231

  This only occurs if the radio is forced off due to an unforeseen condition.

.. rst-class:: v1-1-0 v1-0-0

> DRGN: HCI LE Set Extended Scan Enable may return ``UNSUPPORTED_FEATURE``.
>   This happens when duplicate filtering is enabled
> 
>   **Workaround** Please use a more recent version of |NCS| if you wish to enable duplicate filtering.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DRGN-13350: HCI LE Set Extended Scan Enable returns "Unsupported Feature or Parameter value (0x11)" when duplicate filtering is enabled.

  **Workaround** Do not enable duplicate filtering in the controller.
```

> .. rst-class:: v1-1-0 v1-0-0
> 
> DRGN: HCI LE Set Advertising Parameters will return ``UNSUPPORTED_FEATURE`` when ``secondary_max_skip`` is set to a non-zero value.
>   This issue occurs when sending a packet on either LE 1M or LE 2M PHY after receiving or transmitting a packet on LE Coded PHY.
>   If this occurs while performing a Link Layer Control Procedure, the controller may end up retransmitting an ACKed packet, resulting in a disconnect.

Reviewer 2: The remaining text that was added to this issue does not belong here.
```suggestion
DRGN-12122: HCI LE Set Advertising Parameters will return "Unsupported Feature or Parameter value (0x11)" when ``secondary_max_skip`` is set to a non-zero value.
```

.. rst-class:: v1-1-0 v1-0-0

> DRGN: An assert may occur when receiving a packet with a CRC error.

Reviewer 2: This entry looks like DRGN-15251. You can remove it

  This issue only occurs after performing a data length procedure on Coded PHY.

.. rst-class:: v1-1-0 v1-0-0

> DRGN: An assert occurs when setting a secondary PHY to 0 when using HCI LE Set Extended Advertising Parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DRGN-13079: An assert occurs when setting a secondary PHY to 0 when using HCI LE Set Extended Advertising Parameters.
```

DRGN-10367: Advertiser times out earlier than expected
  If an extended advertiser is configured with limited duration, it will time out after the first primary channel packet in the last advertising event.

.. rst-class:: v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

> DRGN-11222: Master connections may disconnect prematurely if there are scheduling conflicts while doing a control procedure with an instant.

Reviewer 3: 1. Title should not end with period
2. Replace Master with "A Central may disconnect [...]" 

@wiba-nordic ?

Reviewer 5: Good catch on the period.

  A control packet could be sent twice even after the packet was acknowledged.
  This would only occur if the radio was forced off due to an unforeseen condition.

.. rst-class:: v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

DRGN-13029: The application will not immediately restart a connectable advertiser after a high duty cycle advertiser times out

>   In some cases the host may restart advertising sooner than the SoftDevice Controller is able to free its connection context.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
  In some cases, the host may restart advertising sooner than the SoftDevice Controller is able to free its connection context.
```

Timeout without sending packet
  A directed advertiser may time out without sending a packet on air.

.. rst-class:: v0-2-0 v0-1-0

DRGN: HCI Read Local Supported Commands command does not indicate support for HCI LE Set Privacy Mode command.
  The HCI LE Set Privacy Mode Command is still available.

.. rst-class:: v0-2-0 v0-1-0

DRGN: An ASSERT occurs when setting advertising data after HCI Reset without setting advertising parameters.
  In more recent versions of |NCS|, setting advertising data before setting advertising parameters returns an error.

.. rst-class:: v0-2-0 v0-1-0

DRGN: An ASSERT may occur when writing to flash.

>   For reliable flash operations, please use a more recent version of |NCS|.

Reviewer 2: These issues are already mentioned above. I would suggest to remove them from here.

.. rst-class:: v0-2-0 v0-1-0

DRGN: Directed advertisers may time out without sending a packet on air.

>   Directed advertisers may time out without sending a packet on air.

Reviewer 5: Is there something else that could be used for the second lines? The duplication looks unprofessional.

Author: Unfortunately I could not find jiras for those issues, so there is no extra information. But I can try to rephrase a bit.

Reviewer 5: I would appreciate it.

>   For reliable behavior in directed advertisers, please use a more recent version of |NCS|.

Reviewer 2: This page does not mention issues that are older than v1-0-0. Therefore I would suggest to leave this issue out.
